Add ror and rol functions for rotating bits (#33937)
JuliaLang/julia: NEWS.md

* `include` now accepts an optional `mapexpr` first argument to transform the parsed
  expressions before they are evaluated ([#34595]).
* New function `bitreverse` for reversing the order of bits in a fixed-width integer ([#34791]).

> * New `bitrotate(x, k)` function implements bitwise rotation ([#33937]).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* New function `bitrotate(x, k)` for rotating the buts in a fixed-width integer ([#33937]).
```

Reviewer 2: Sorry, I didn't notice that was changed; I just wanted to rebase to keep the history linear.

Reviewer 3: Except I suspect you meant "for rotating the bits".
